# Congrats 😏 -  you just generated yoursef a sweet python project structure

## 🤔 Now What?

First, I suggest you check out `pyproject.toml`.
If you're not familiar, it's a file generated by [`poetry`](https://python-poetry.org/) which is used here to handle project dependencies.
You can set all kinds of parameters in `pyproject.toml` that are valid for the whole project.
I.e. version, project name, description, and license.
You can also configure pretty much everything related to python package configuration, like tox, pytest, etc.
Packages you install via `poetry add {pkg}` will be listed there.

Also have a look at `./docs/source/conf.py` & `index.rst`.
The project name, version, and author, should have been set automatically.

In `./tests` you can find some examples to give you an idea how to use `conftest.py` with `pytest`.
I suggest you leave tests outside of `./src`

There is a `Makefile` in which I have compiled a bunch of handy CLI commands.
All you need is to install the `make` command, if you are not on Linux or macOS, as described [here](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/32127524/how-to-install-and-use-make-in-windows)

In there you will find commands to set up your coding environment with poetry, generate documentation, run docker, etc. ...

A Dockerfile is also included and should be ready-to-role.

## 🗂 Folder Structure

What I used here is a so called `source layout`.
You can read more about why it's cool [here](https://blog.ionelmc.ro/2014/05/25/python-packaging/) and [here](https://realpython.com/python-application-layouts/#application-with-internal-packages)

This has the consequence that you need to define the package-path for poetry, as shown [here](https://hackersandslackers.com/python-poetry-package-manager/).

Everything that is in the `src` folder goes into the container/service you are going to run later.
This means, you only want to put code, configs, etc. into `src` that is critical to run our app.
The only things you use in the container that are not in `src` is the `peotry.lock` & `pyproject.toml` files (check the `Dockerfile`), which are generated by running `poetry install`.

👉 Don't put your data, notebooks, plots, etc. in `src` - use the folders in the root directory (aka. the folder in which `src` is contained)
📌 i.e. `{{ cookiecutter.project_folder_name }}/src/{{ cookiecutter.package_name }}/data` is a folder that should contain code which is ciritcal to do data pre-processing or similar.
If you prefer to call it differently, go ahead.
Accordingly, `{{ cookiecutter.project_folder_name }}/data` is the folder in which you want to put raw, cleaned, and temporary data, as youll as prediction outputs.

### IF YOU PULL FROM branch standard-layout

This is a little different and contains the standard structure for single module packages, that is also generated if you run `poetry new`.
The `source layout` is a little more convenient for containerized apps and mutli-module packages.
